README.md, before:

# mfc
Introduction
------------

MidGotchi File Commander (in abbreviation - MFC) is a user shell with
text-mode full-screen interface.  It can be run on the OS console,
in xterm and other terminal emulators.

MFC allows you to manage files while making most of
you screen and giving you a clear representation of the filesystem, yet
it's simple enough to be run over a telnet or ssh session and commiting your repos. (in future)

MFC is released under the GNU General Public
License version 3 or any later version.  A copy of the file is
included with this distribution package.


Features
------------
In plan:
-So far, these features of mc, namely (quote them original README.md):
*Built in Virtual File System: manipulate remote file systems
 through the FTP and SMB protocols or over secure shell, browse
 contents of tar, ar, rpm, zip, cpio, lha and rar archives just
 like local files.
                 
 *Almost all operations work with the virtual file system,
 enabling you to do complex tasks, like viewing files in
 archives on an FTP server.
 
 *FTP support
          
 *Mouse support on most terminal emulators for X Window System
 as well as on the Linux console.
          
*Learn Keys: GNU Midnight Commander may be configured at run
 time to support any kind of input keys for a given terminal,
 making its operation possible even on most weird terminals.

*Text and hex editors are available for you to use (hex editor
is a part of the viewer).


AND..
---------------
-Vim keymap in text-editor

-Git support

Commit message:

UPDATE README.md #1 - added 'About Contributing'

README.md, after:

# mfc
Introduction
------------

MidGotchi File Commander (in abbreviation - MFC) is a user shell with
text-mode full-screen interface.  It can be run on the OS console,
in xterm and other terminal emulators.

MFC allows you to manage files while making most of
you screen and giving you a clear representation of the filesystem, yet
it's simple enough to be run over a telnet or ssh session and commiting your repos. (in future)

MFC is released under the GNU General Public
License version 3 or any later version.  A copy of the file is
included with this distribution package.


Features
------------
In plan:
-So far, these features of mc, namely (quote them original README.md):
*Built in Virtual File System: manipulate remote file systems
 through the FTP and SMB protocols or over secure shell, browse
 contents of tar, ar, rpm, zip, cpio, lha and rar archives just
 like local files.
                 
 *Almost all operations work with the virtual file system,
 enabling you to do complex tasks, like viewing files in
 archives on an FTP server.
 
 *FTP support
          
 *Mouse support on most terminal emulators for X Window System
 as well as on the Linux console.
          
*Learn Keys: GNU Midnight Commander may be configured at run
 time to support any kind of input keys for a given terminal,
 making its operation possible even on most weird terminals.

*Text and hex editors are available for you to use (hex editor
is a part of the viewer).


About Contributing
-------------------

If you have some ideas about source of MFC - write me on the mail, before pull-requesting:
-arcadman2018@gmail.com
